Main (CLOCK TOWER) prompt: One tall stone clock tower, front elevation, on plain white paper, no text, no lettering, no frame, no border, no colour. A single slender tower standing alone, square shaft of stone blocks, one round clock face without numbers near the top, an open belfry with arches, a pointed roof and spire, thin construction lines and a thin ground line. Precise black ink architectural drawing, clean ruled lines, light hatching. Centred, the whole tower with wide white margins.
Main seeds 31320-31322: all rejected. 31320 a tower in perspective inside a ruled frame, a street of buildings behind it; 31321 a tower in perspective joined to a house, a line of large fake lettering along the bottom; 31322 a frontal tower but with wings, trees and a rose window rather than a clock, edge to edge, no air.

Backup (RADIO TOWER) prompt: One tall steel lattice radio tower, side elevation, standing alone on plain white paper, no text, no lettering, no frame, no border, no colour, no buildings, no trees. A single slender tapering mast of criss-crossed girders, small platforms and dish aerials near the top, thin guy wires running down to the ground on both sides, a thin straight ground line. Precise black ink technical drawing, clean ruled lines. Centred, the whole tower with wide white margins and empty white sky.

Negative prompt: none (SDXL-Lightning is CFG-free; the exclusions are in the prompt's first sentence)

Seeds: 31325-31327 (three, backup); chosen 31325 (the first)
Size: 832x1216
Model: Stability AI SDXL base 1.0 with the ByteDance SDXL-Lightning 8-step UNet (CreativeML Open RAIL++-M), EulerDiscreteScheduler trailing, guidance 0, 8 steps, CPU, scripts/studio/generate_sdxl.py --jobs
Ending: none (one structure on a ground line)

Why 31325: 31326 is a grey photographic sky with power lines crossing it (a grey wash); 31327 has a block of large fake lettering under the picture and a row of trees and poles. 31325 is one tall lattice tower, straight side-on, two cross-arms, guy wires to the ground on both sides, low bushes on a thin ground strip and a lot of empty sky.
Cleaned: cropped to 30,10,800,1188 to drop the paper edge on the right and a tiny line of fake text under the picture at the bottom left.
The tower has cross-arms like a power pylon and no aerials or dishes, so it is not clearly a radio tower: titled the general LATTICE TOWER.
One ink: line mode, fails []. Pen mode kept the guy wires better but also printed the cut paper edge as stray bars at the right and a hard rectangle round the ground, so line was kept.
python3 scripts/studio/oneink.py <crop> data/studio/sdxl50/13-2-lattice-tower lattice-tower --mode line --title "LATTICE TOWER" --sub "Architecture · Elevation"
