Prompt: One diamond kite patent drawing, front view, white chalk line drawing on a plain black background, no text, no lettering, no frame, no border, no colour. A single large diamond kite in the centre, crossed wooden spars, taut fabric panels, a long tail of tied bows curling below, around it small detail circles of the spar joint, the bridle knot and a reel of string. Fine white technical line drawing, crisp thin lines, centred with wide black margins.

Negative prompt: none (SDXL-Lightning is CFG-free; the exclusions are in the prompt's first sentence)

Seeds: 31340-31342 (three, main); chosen 31340 (the first)
Size: 832x1216
Model: Stability AI SDXL base 1.0 with the ByteDance SDXL-Lightning 8-step UNet (CreativeML Open RAIL++-M), EulerDiscreteScheduler trailing, guidance 0, 8 steps, CPU, scripts/studio/generate_sdxl.py --jobs
Ending: none (not a scene)

Why 31340: 31341 is on cream paper with five blocks of large fake handwriting round the kite (rejected); 31342 a grey sheet with a ruled frame, fake labels and a cloudy stain. 31340 is a white line drawing on a dark background: one diamond kite in the centre with crossed spars, bridle lines and a tail string with knots, four round detail drawings in the corners. It had a double ruled frame with corner ornaments and six small fake labels, all small, so it was kept and cleaned.
The backup was tried first, before cleaning this one: BOOMERANG STUDY, seeds 31345-31347, prompt: One large wooden boomerang patent drawing, top view, white chalk line drawing on a plain black background, no text, no lettering, no frame, no border, no colour. A single smooth curved boomerang in the centre, two rounded arms meeting at an elbow, fine wood grain lines along each arm, around it three small detail circles of the rounded tip, the arm cross-section and the elbow joint. Fine white technical line drawing, crisp thin lines, centred with wide black margins.
All three boomerang images were covered in large fake lettering (titles, label blocks, captions): rejected.

Cleaned before oneink (all painted to the background colour): the strips above y=58 and below y=1125 (the top and bottom rules, the corner ornaments and the fake lettering at the top and bottom, the tail cut just below its last knot), x<26 and x>805 (the outer frame), the inner frame lines at x 36-47 and 782-793 wherever no drawing crosses them, three corner ornaments, and four small fake labels between the roundels and the kite. Then inverted (dark lines on light, so the ink is the drawing) and levelled 60-185.
The roundels look more like webs than kite parts, but the centre is clearly a diamond kite, so the title KITE STUDY stands.
One ink: line mode, fails []. Delivered for a black tee, where it prints as white chalk lines.
python3 scripts/studio/oneink.py <cleaned, inverted> data/studio/sdxl50/13-4-kite-study kite-study --mode line --title "KITE STUDY" --sub "Objects · Study sheet"
