Prompt: Exactly one old twisted pine tree growing alone on the edge of a rocky cliff above the sea, drawn in black ink as a detailed realistic landscape engraving on white paper. The tree is made of a thick crooked trunk, a few long bent branches and flat clouds of needles. The trunk grows out of a crack in the rock, leans out over the edge towards the right and twists upward, its bark drawn as deep vertical furrows. Three or four branches reach sideways, each ending in a flat layered pad of needles drawn as fine short strokes, darker underneath and lighter on top. The roots grip the rock and are partly visible. The cliff fills the lower left of the picture, made of layered rock with cracks and ledges, drawn with firm hatching on its shaded face. Far below on the right, the calm sea is drawn with a few long horizontal lines and a little white foam where it meets the foot of the cliff. On the horizon, a faint distant headland. The light comes from the left, late afternoon, so the tree casts a long shadow over the rock and its trunk has one bright side. The sky is plain white paper. The composition is vertical, the tree in the upper middle, and every edge of the scene fades softly away into the white paper. No people, no boats, no birds, no buildings. No text, no letters, no numbers, no labels, no caption. No frame, no border, no ornaments, no decorative corners, no panels. No colour, no grey wash, only black ink lines on white paper. No people.

Negative prompt: text, letters, words, numbers, labels, caption, title, signature, watermark, logo, frame, border, ornament, decorative corners, panels, colour, color, grey wash, gradient, blurry, soft focus, photograph, 3d render, cartoon, low contrast, cropped, cut off at the edge, extra limbs, missing limbs, fused limbs, extra fins, extra legs, deformed, distorted anatomy, duplicate, two subjects

Seed: 303
Size: 832x1216
Model: Segmind SSD-1B (Apache 2.0) with the LCM LoRA for SSD-1B (latent-consistency/lcm-lora-ssd-1b, CreativeML Open RAIL++-M), 8 steps, guidance 1.0, run on CPU with scripts/studio/generate.py --lcm --steps 8.
Attempt: 1 (the stand-in for 06 Alpine Village, which failed three attempts).
Processing: scripts/studio/oneink.py --mode tone --fade --title "PINE ON THE CLIFF" --sub "Places · Coast"

Reprocessed for the catalogue (2026-10-01): oneink.py --mode tone --edge horizon (Design Guidelines, section 04, "Scenes: how a picture ends"), from the source image above.
