Model: Segmind SSD-1B (Apache 2.0) + LCM LoRA for SSD-1B (latent-consistency/lcm-lora-ssd-1b), 8 steps, CPU
Seed: 6550
Size: 832x1216
Chosen: seed 6550 of 6550-6551 (backup prompt, LAVENDER). The main prompt (HOP CONES, seeds 6500-6501) drew no hop cones: dahlia-like flowers in serrated leaves (6500) and a mass of serrated leaves (6501); 6502-6503 were dropped so the backup could run before minute 85, in one queue after the main run, never in parallel. 6550 is plainly a bunch of lavender: eight flower spikes on slender stems, a few narrow leaves, whole inside the page. 6551 had more floret detail but a crowded centre (dense mass 0.14; pen failed the slab check). Line keeps 6550's spikes and stems separate, so line was used. (The model drew in colour despite the prompt; one ink takes only the tones.)
Prompt: One bunch of lavender stems, front view, upright. A small tied bunch of straight slender stems, each topped with a long spike of tiny tubular flowers in tight whorls, a few narrow leaves near the base, a ribbon around the middle, the stems cut cleanly at the bottom. Fine black ink line drawing with crisp contour lines and delicate hatching on every flower spike, like a natural history plate. Even soft light from the left. Centred, the whole subject with wide white margins, plain white paper. No text, no frame, no border, no ornaments, no colour, no grey wash.
Negative prompt: text, letters, numbers, signature, watermark, logo, frame, border, ornament, decorative corners, panel, colour, grey wash, gradient, blurry, photo, 3d render, cropped, cut off, extra limbs, missing limbs, fused, deformed, two heads, duplicate, landscape background
Main prompt (not used): One hop bine with hop cones, upright view. One single twining stem, a few large lobed leaves with serrated edges and veins, several hanging hop cones made of overlapping papery scales like small pine cones, curling tendrils. Fine black ink line drawing with crisp contour lines and delicate hatching on every scale, like a natural history plate. Even soft light from the left. Centred, the whole subject with wide white margins, plain white paper. No text, no frame, no border, no ornaments, no colour, no grey wash.
oneink: --mode line --title "LAVENDER" --sub "Production · Natural history plate"
