Prompt: Three granite towers and nothing else: exactly three tall vertical rock spires rising from one massive mountain, one spire on the left, one spire in the middle and one spire on the right, the famous Torres del Paine of Patagonia, drawn in black ink as a detailed realistic landscape engraving on white paper. The three spires are joined at their base by one single rocky mountain mass and stand close together like three fingers of one hand, with narrow gaps of white sky between them: the left spire slim and pointed, the middle spire the tallest, the right spire broad with a flat top. There are only three towers in the whole picture, no fourth tower, no smaller pinnacles, no other mountains beside them. The towers are made of sheer pale granite with long vertical cracks, drawn with long vertical strokes, dense hatching on their shaded right faces and open white on their lit left faces, small patches of snow on their ledges. Below them a dark cone of steep scree and moraine, drawn with short diagonal strokes and stipple, falls down to a small green glacial lake at the bottom of the picture, its still water drawn with a few calm horizontal lines. A few boulders and low shrubs on the near shore. Light from the left, early morning, strong contrast. The sky is plain white paper. The composition is vertical, the three towers centred and filling the upper half, and every edge of the scene fades softly away into the white paper. No clouds, no trees, no forest, no people, no buildings, no animals. No text, no letters, no numbers, no labels, no caption. No frame, no border, no ornaments, no decorative corners, no panels. No colour, no grey wash, only black ink lines on white paper. No people.

Negative prompt: text, letters, words, numbers, labels, caption, title, signature, watermark, logo, frame, border, ornament, decorative corners, panels, colour, color, grey wash, gradient, blurry, soft focus, photograph, 3d render, cartoon, low contrast, cropped, cut off at the edge, extra limbs, missing limbs, fused limbs, extra fins, extra legs, deformed, distorted anatomy, duplicate, two subjects

Seed: 321
Size: 832x1216
Model: Segmind SSD-1B (Apache 2.0) with the LCM LoRA for SSD-1B (latent-consistency/lcm-lora-ssd-1b, CreativeML Open RAIL++-M), 8 steps, guidance 1.0, run on CPU with scripts/studio/generate.py --lcm --steps 8.
Attempt: 3 of 3 (attempts 1 and 2, seeds 301 and 311, were rejected: one spire, then five).
Processing: scripts/studio/oneink.py --mode tone --fade --size 0.9 --title "PATAGONIA" --sub "Places · Torres del Paine"

Reprocessed for the catalogue (2026-10-01): oneink.py --mode tone --edge horizon (Design Guidelines, section 04, "Scenes: how a picture ends"), from the source image above.
