Model: Segmind SSD-1B (Apache 2.0) + LCM LoRA for SSD-1B (latent-consistency/lcm-lora-ssd-1b), 8 steps, CPU
Seed: 6300
Size: 832x1216
Chosen: seed 6300 of 6300-6302 (main prompt, slot WHEAT). The model drew no wheat or barley in any image: the main prompt (6300-6302; 6303 dropped once three in a row came out the same) and the barley backup (6350-6352, queued after the main run, never in parallel; 6353 would have started after minute 85) all gave feathery grass plumes with no ears or grains, and 6352 also carried a fake signature. By the truth rule the slot is delivered under a general name: 6300 is a plume of grass on three bare stalks, whole inside the page, clean fine lines, so the title is GRASS PLUME, the sub the general botanical one, not "The harvest". Line keeps the blades as separate fine lines.
Prompt: One sheaf of wheat ears, front view, upright. A tied bundle of ripe wheat stalks, plump ears full of grains with long whiskered awns fanning out at the top, a twisted straw band around the middle, cut stalks splayed at the bottom. Fine black ink line drawing with crisp contour lines and delicate hatching on every grain, like a natural history plate. Even soft light from the left. Centred, the whole subject with wide white margins, plain white paper. No text, no frame, no border, no ornaments, no colour, no grey wash.
Negative prompt: text, letters, numbers, signature, watermark, logo, frame, border, ornament, decorative corners, panel, colour, grey wash, gradient, blurry, photo, 3d render, cropped, cut off, extra limbs, missing limbs, fused, deformed, two heads, duplicate, landscape background
Backup prompt (BARLEY, tried, not used): A small bunch of barley ears, close up, upright. Five heavy ears of ripe barley on short straight stalks tied with string, each ear made of plump oval grains packed in neat rows, long straight bristly awns rising above every grain, no leaves, no grass. Fine black ink line drawing with crisp contour lines and delicate hatching on every grain, like a natural history plate. Even soft light from the left. Centred, the whole subject with wide white margins, plain white paper. No text, no frame, no border, no ornaments, no colour, no grey wash.
oneink: --mode line --title "GRASS PLUME" --sub "Botanical · Natural history plate"
