Model: Segmind SSD-1B (Apache 2.0) + LCM LoRA for SSD-1B (latent-consistency/lcm-lora-ssd-1b), 8 steps, guidance 1.0, CPU
Seed: 402
Size: 832x1216
Attempt: 1 of 3 (accepted)
Prompt: Exactly one tall round stone lighthouse standing on a rocky cliff above the sea, with waves breaking into foam below, drawn in black ink as a detailed realistic landscape engraving on white paper. The lighthouse is made of large grey stone blocks, a slim tapering round tower with one small door at its foot, a few small windows in a line up its side, a railed gallery near the top and one glass lantern room under a domed metal cap. Beside it stands one small keeper's cottage with a pitched roof. The tower stands in the upper middle of the picture on the top of a dark rocky headland that falls steeply to the right. The stone blocks are drawn in neat courses, hatched on the shaded side of the tower and open white on the lit side. The cliff is made of rough layered rock drawn with firm strokes and deep shadows in its cracks. Below, the sea fills the lower part of the picture: two or three big waves roll in and break against the rocks, drawn with curving lines and bright white foam and spray left as open paper. The light comes from the left, a clear windy day. The sky is plain white paper. The composition is vertical and centred, and every edge of the scene fades softly away into the white paper. No people, no ships, no birds, no clouds drawn as solid shapes. No text, no letters, no numbers, no labels, no caption. No frame, no border, no ornaments, no decorative corners, no panels. No colour, no grey wash, only black ink lines on white paper. No people.
Negative prompt (not used with LCM at guidance 1.0): text, letters, words, numbers, labels, caption, title, signature, watermark, logo, frame, border, ornament, decorative corners, panels, colour, color, grey wash, gradient, blurry, soft focus, photograph, 3d render, cartoon, low contrast, cropped, cut off at the edge, extra limbs, missing limbs, fused limbs, extra fins, extra legs, deformed, distorted anatomy, duplicate, two subjects
Preparation before oneink: the generated image (lighthouse-generated.png) was padded with its own sky tone, 260 px at the top and 200 px at the left, with a 160 px soft blend at the original left edge, so the vignette of --fade does not cut off the lantern; nothing in the picture was drawn or changed.
oneink: --mode tone --fade --title "LIGHTHOUSE" --sub "Maritime · Atlantic coast"

Reprocessed for the catalogue (2026-10-01): oneink.py --mode tone --edge horizon (Design Guidelines, section 04, "Scenes: how a picture ends"), from the source image above.
